Documentation changes for Azure Key Vault support. (#704)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.7/concepts/authentication.md

    path: {hasicorp-vault-secret-path}              # Required.
```

### Azure Key Vault secret(s)

> You can pull secrets from Azure Key Vault into the trigger by using the `azureKeyVault` key. Users need to register an application
> with Azure Active Directory, and give permissions to it for accessing the key vault. The `clientId` and `tenantId` for the application
> are to be provided as part of the spec. The `clientSecret` for the application is expected to be within a secret on the cluster.
> The `secrets` list defines the mapping between the key vault secret and the authentication parameter.

Reviewer: Just a little bit of re-structuring to have multiple alineas in the rendered docs
```suggestion
You can pull secrets from Azure Key Vault into the trigger by using the `azureKeyVault` key. 

The `secrets` list defines the mapping between the key vault secret and the authentication parameter.

Users need to register an application with Azure Active Directory, and grant "read secret" permissions on the Azure Key Vault. Learn more in the Azure Key Vault [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/assign-access-policy?tabs=azure-portal).

The `clientId` and `tenantId` for the application are to be provided as part of the spec. The `clientSecret` for the application is expected to be within a secret on the cluster.
```

    path: {hasicorp-vault-secret-path}              # Required.
```

### Azure Key Vault secret(s)

You can pull secrets from Azure Key Vault into the trigger by using the `azureKeyVault` key. 

The `secrets` list defines the mapping between the key vault secret and the authentication parameter.

> Users need to register an application with Azure Active Directory, and grand "read secret" permissions on the Azure Key Vault. Learn more in the Azure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users need to register an application with Azure Active Directory, and grant "read secret" permissions on the Azure Key Vault. Learn more in the Azure
```
